Lookup Basics: rewrite (#1136)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Lookup/Basics/description.md

> The Lookup allows users to search through its drop-down list and select a single item from it. The drop-down list can be simple or grouped by a single category.

Reviewer: Simple is a bit vague term. Maybe we can say that it is plain?

Author: The demo's heading uses "simple" that's why I used the same word.

Reviewer: I noticed it and understand why you chose this word. But in my opinion, these two types of Lookups come together in this sentence and this circumstance creates an opposition. I think that plain fits 'better' than 'simple' but of course it is not really important.

### Use a simple drop-down list

> To bind the Lookup to a simple list, use the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/items/) property. The data array should include strings only.

Reviewer 2: Why `strings only`? Any object can be also passed to this property (but we should specify `valueExpr` and `displayExpr` as well)

### Use a grouped drop-down list
To create a grouped list, do the following:

> * Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dataSource) property to specify a DataSource object. Set this object's [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#store) property to a data array and the [group](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group) property to a category field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dataSource) property to specify a DataSource object. Pass your data array to this object's [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#store) property and set assign a category field's name to the [group](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group) property.
```

* Use the [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#displayExpr) property to specify the data field whose values should be displayed.

* Set the [grouped](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#grouped) property to **true**.

> You can also use a pregrouped data array. Each object of this array should include the `key` (category) and `items` (drop-down values) fields. In this case, do not specify the DataSource.**group** and **displayExpr** properties.

Reviewer 2: `displayExp` is a Lookup property, not DataSource

> You can also use a pregrouped data array. Each object of this array should include the `key` (category) and `items` (drop-down values) fields. In this case, do not specify the DataSource.**group** and **displayExpr** properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use a pregrouped data array. Each object of this array should include the `key` (category) and `items` (drop-down values) fields. In this case, do not specify the **displayExpr** and **DataSource**.**group** properties.
```

### Configure the drop-down list

> The Popover component represents the drop-down list. To customize it, specify any Popover's properties inside the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property. In this demo, we disabled the [showTitle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#showTitle) property to hide Popover's title and enabled the [closeOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#closeOnOutsideClick) property for the Grouped Lookup.

Reviewer 2: Popup can be used instead of Popover if we set `usePopover` property to `false`

Reviewer: First, let's add a link to the Popover

>To customize it, specify any Popover's properties inside the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property.

It is not a good idea to use such prepositions as 'in' or 'inside'. [Review this thread please](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:28d4b0475af64e44a48057a5b9cb1fd9@thread.skype/1616007813544?tenantId=e4d60396-9352-4ae8-b84c-e69244584fa4&groupId=9298adba-77e3-4b3e-a0eb-b3c426b4ba6d&parentMessageId=1616007813544&teamName=DX%20Tech%20Writers%20Club&channelName=General&createdTime=1616007813544)

>In this demo, we disabled the [showTitle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#showTitle) property to hide Popover's title and enabled the [closeOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#closeOnOutsideClick) property for the Grouped Lookup.

These two cases seem unrelated to each other.

> To preselect an item, use the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#displayExpr) property as done in the Simple Lookup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To preselect an item, use the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#value) property as done in the Simple Lookup.
```

> The Lookup allows users to search through its drop-down list and select a single item from it. The drop-down list can be simple or grouped by a single category.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Lookup allows users to search through its drop-down list and select a single item from it. The drop-down list can be grouped by category.
```

### Bind the Lookup to Data

> To bind the Lookup to data, use either of the these properties:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To bind the Lookup to data, use one of these properties:
```

* [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#items)                

> Specifies a local data array.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Accepts a local data array (see the Simple Lookup code below).
```

* [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dataSource)             

> Allows to specify a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/)-like object that works with local and remote arrays and provides an API for data-shaping. To bind the data in this demo, we used the **DataSource**.[store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) property.

Reviewer 3: > Allows to

"Allows _smb_ to do smth" or "allows doing smth".

> provides

http://tw.devexpress.devx/language-guidelines/overused-words/provide/

> data-shaping

-ing

`dataSource` covers all use-cases of `items` plus can work with `DataSource`. We can accentuate this by propertly structuring the document.

```suggestion
Accepts a local data array or a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object. DataSource works with local and remote arrays and allows you to shape data. In this demo, it is used to group a local array of objects (see the Grouped Lookup code below).
```

> The **items[]** and **dataSource** properties work with an array of strings or objects. If you specify an array of objects, you can additionally use predefined [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#items) fields and should specify the following Lookup properties:

Reviewer 3: > properties work with an array of strings

Accroding to the [docs](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dataSource), numbers and Boolean values are also supported.

> you can additionally use predefined [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#items) fields

This is the topic of default and custom templates, which goes beyond data binding. I suggest removing this information.

```suggestion
Both properties work with arrays of primitives or objects. If you use objects, specify the following Lookup properties:
```

* [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#displayExpr)          
Specifies the data field whose values should be displayed in the drop-down list.

* [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#valueExpr)          

> Specifies which data field provides unique values for the selected item. As an alternative, **DataSource**.**key** can be set.

Reviewer 3: It seems logical to switch valueExpr and displayExpr because when you configure the Lookup, you first decide which field is going to provide values, and only then you choose how these values should be displayed.

```suggestion
* [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#valueExpr)          
A data field that contains unique values used to identify items. As an alternative, you can set the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/).[store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/).[key](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ArrayStore/Configuration/#key) property.

* [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#displayExpr)          
A data field whose values should be displayed in the drop-down list.
```

> Additionally, you can use the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#value) property to preselect an item.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When a user selects an item, the Lookup saves a corresponding value from the **valueExpr** data field in the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#value) property. You can also specify the **value** property in code to preselect an item, as shown in the Simple Lookup use case.
```

### Group Data
To group a Lookup by category, do either of the following:

* Configure an existent ungrouped array of objects. Use the **DataSource**.[group](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group) property to specify the category field and enable the [grouped](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#grouped) property of Lookup.

> * Specify an already grouped array. Each object should include the `key` (category) and `items` (drop-down values) fields. In this case, specify the **displayExpr** and **valueExpr** properties only if the `items` array contains objects.

Reviewer 3: This case is already described in the [SelectBox demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/SelectBox/GroupedItems/jQuery/Light/). Why reinvent the wheel?

### Configure the Drop-Down List

> The [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/) component represents the drop-down list. To customize it, use the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property to specify any Popover's properties. In this demo, we disabled the [showTitle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#showTitle) property to hide Popover's title and enabled the [closeOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/#closeOnOutsideClick) property for the Grouped Lookup. As an alternative for Popover, you can disable the [usePopover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#usePopover) property to use the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/).

Reviewer 3: > represents 

http://tw.devexpress.devx/language-guidelines/misused-words/represent/

> _To customize it_, use the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property _to specify any Popover's properties_.

Poor writing.

> As an alternative for Popover, you can disable the [usePopover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#usePopover) property to use the [Popup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/).

What is the effect?

```suggestion
The Lookup uses the [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/) component as a drop-down list. To customize the Popover, use the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property. It accepts an object with [Popover properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/). Alternatively, you can display lookup items in a pop-up window. To enable this behavior, set the [usePopover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#usePopover) property to **false**.
```

> The Lookup allows users to search through its drop-down list and select a single item from it. The drop-down list can be grouped by category.

Reviewer 4: `The Lookup` what? If it is just called 'Lookup', then omit the article here

```suggestion
Lookup allows users to search through its drop-down list and select a single item. The drop-down list can be grouped by category.
```

### Bind the Lookup to Data

> To bind the Lookup to data, use one of these properties:

Reviewer 4: Same here, the Lookup what?

* [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#items)                
Accepts a local data array (see the Simple Lookup code below).

* [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dataSource)             

> Accepts a local data array or a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object. DataSource works with local and remote arrays and allows you to shape data. In this demo, it is used to group a local array of objects (see the Grouped Lookup code below).

Reviewer 5: > DataSource works with local and remote arrays and allows you to shape data.

By "DataSource", do you mean the `DataSource` object you mentioned in the previous sentence or the `dataSource` property?

> DataSource works with local and remote arrays and allows you to shape **data**. In this demo, **it** is used to group a local array of objects (see the Grouped Lookup code below).

Please note that the pronoun "it" points at "data" in the previous sentence, not at `DataSource` as you originally intended. Your approach would have worked if we treated "data" as a plural noun. However, we treat it as a singular uncountable noun as we discussed in the dedicated channel in Teams.

Both properties work with arrays of primitives or objects. If you use objects, specify the following Lookup properties:

* [valueExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#valueExpr)          
A data field that contains unique values used to identify items.

* [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#displayExpr)          
A data field whose values should be displayed in the drop-down list.

> When a user selects an item, the Lookup saves a corresponding value from the **valueExpr** data field in the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#value) property. You can also specify the **value** property in code to preselect an item, as shown in the Simple Lookup use case.

Reviewer 5: > When a user selects **an** item, the Lookup saves **a** corresponding value from the **valueExpr** data field

Yes, a user can select any item, but from what I gather, the Lookup should save only one value that corresponds to the user's choice. Even if I suppose that the **valueExpr** data field can store multiple values that correspond to a single item, then how would the Lookup choose which one to save? Just pick one randomly?

```suggestion
When a user selects an item, the Lookup saves the corresponding value from the **valueExpr** data field in the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#value) property. You can also specify the **value** property in code to preselect an item as shown in the Simple Lookup use case.
```

### Group Data

> Data items in the drop-down list can be organized in groups.

Reviewer 5: Can we avoid passive voice here? Like this, for example:

```suggestion
You can group data items in the drop-down list.
```

> If the data source provides data items ungrouped, use the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/)'s [group](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#group) property to specify the data field to group by.

Reviewer 5: > If the data source **provides** data items ungrouped

The verb "to provide" is one of the words we should treat with caution. We agreed that we can use `provide` in the following contexts:
1. "To provide" access to some API members.
2. "To provide" some service.

I believe you can interpret the data source as a "service" that provides data items in a specific manner... but I would have avoided this word in the current context.

Possible alternatives:
1. If the data source stores ungrouped data items ...
2. If the data source does not group data items ...

I believe you can come up with even better alternatives, but you definitely can avoid "provides" here.

The Lookup can also work with initially grouped data items. In this case, the data array should contain objects with the **key** and **items** fields:

    let dataSource = [{
        key: "Group 1", // Group caption 
        items: [ // Items in Group 1
            { /* ... */ },
            { /* ... */ }
        ]
    }, {
        key: "Group 2",
        items: [
            { /* ... */ },
            { /* ... */ }
        ]
    }];

> If data objects are grouped but use other field names, implement the **DataSource**'s [map](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#map) function to create **key** + **items** field mappings.

Reviewer 5: > to create **key** + **items** field mappings.

What do you mean by the plus sign? "And"?

[note]Only one-level grouping is supported.

Regardless of the data source structure, enable the [grouped](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#grouped) property.

### Configure the Drop-Down List

> The Lookup uses the [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/) component as a drop-down list. To customize the Popover, use the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property. It accepts an object with [Popover properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/). Alternatively, you can display lookup items in a pop-up window. To enable this behavior, set the [usePopover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#usePopover) property to **false**.

Reviewer 5: You can shorten this paragraph a bit without sacrificing any meaning:

```suggestion
The Lookup uses the [Popover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/) component as a drop-down list. To customize the Popover, use the [dropDownOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions) property. It accepts an object with [Popover properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopover/Configuration/). Alternatively, you can set the [usePopover](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#usePopover) property to **false** to display lookup items in a pop-up window.
```
